push the pace hard rest of the Shamrocks
tiles get after takedowns score points
points we need your handlers to step it
up a level understand that we begin with
the rematch of last year's d1 title to
Detroit Catholic Central and Davison
he's two men to open the season Davison
left no by with a hard-fought win
however Detroit Catholic Central gunning
for the three-peat first hustle Shamrock
senior Jimmy Russell bumping up to
heavyweight to take on Jimmy powers
Russell the takedown he would win the
match next to the 103 pounds
Aaron refa of CC against Jacob Alvarez
the sophomore FL only needed 90 seconds
to finish off Alvarez move ahead to 119
jr. shamrock trevor's attempts key is
the number one ranked wrestler in this
class
Jacob Madrigal in his way Trevor the two
points here catholic central out to an
early lead
despite davidson six titles into 2000
they have it one in eight years top
ranked at 140 is their senior Justin
Oliver this pin on Ryan O'Connor's have
to format winning streak Cardinals now
in front the shamrock smiles the mean
one at 145 his older brother Malik took
the mat at 152 battling Davidson
freshman Brendan Burke will the Michigan
commit a meet with the chief takedown he
went on to win contest deadlock to 160
CC senior Nick Bennett putting its
undefeated record on the line breeches
Jacob Robert his records at 36 and OH on
the season with this bitch losing
all-american Logan Mark sickie to a new
see see dipped into their death pool
enter the freshman Tyler Moreland a
tough one against cargo senior Thomas
Guardi Moreland here for to chuck up
another win for the shamrocks Davison
now in a must-win situation at 189 the
top two wrestlers in this class women
Cardinals journée cooks and Catholic
Central's drew Garcia jump to overtime
tied at one
the Cornell recruit Garcia with the
takedown and the wind clutch clinch for
the shamrocks Detroit Catholic Central
does it again 11th overall wrestling
state title now tied with temperates
Bedford for the most t1 championships in
MHSA a history